Visitor privacy is paramount at Deno Devs (https://denodevs.com). This privacy
policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by
Deno Devs and it is used.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy
Policy, <a href="mailto:kevin@denodevs.com">email me at kevin@denodevs.com</a>.

## Consent

By using this website, you consent to this privacy policy and agree to its terms
and conditions.

## Changes to this privacy policy

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes to our
practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will post
the revised privacy policy here, update the "Last updated" date and take any
other steps required by applicable law.

## Information Deno Devs collects

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you
are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to
provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you,
depending on which information you choose to provide.

When you register for an account, we may ask for your contact information,
including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and
telephone number.

## How Deno Devs uses your information

The information collected is used in various ways, including to:

- Provide, operate, and maintain our website
- Improve, personalize, and expand our website
- Understand and analyze how you use our website
- Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
- Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners,
  including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other
  information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional
  purposes
- Send you emails

## Log files

Deno Devs follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log
visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of
hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The
purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site,
tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

## Cookies and web beacons

Like any other website, Deno Devs uses "cookies." These cookies are used to
store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website
that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the
users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser
type and/or other information.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To
know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web
browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

## Children's information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the
internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or
monitor and guide their online activity.

Deno Devs does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from
children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of
information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately
and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our
records.

## Online privacy policy only

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for
visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or
collect in Deno Devs. This policy is not applicable to any information collected
offline or via channels other than this website.

## Contact

Should you have any questions about our privacy practices or this privacy
policy, or if you would like to exercise any of the rights available to you,
please <a href="mailto:kevin@denodevs.com">email me at kevin@denodevs.com</a>.
